Quick Start Guide
=================

Welcome to Amp! Before we get started, it's worth noting that there's a lot to
cover. This guide isn't meant to be comprehensive; visit https://amp.rs/docs for
a much more in-depth guide to using Amp.

--

Right, let's get started. You're currently looking at an open buffer, which can
be scrolled up and down using "," and "m", respectively. Go ahead and try them
now; you're going to use these a lot, and they're the only keys you need to read
the rest of this guide.

Moving the Cursor
=================

You can use the "hjkl" keys to move the cursor left, down, up, and right, just
like in Vim.

You can amplify these movements by holding shift. The "H" and "L" keys will go
to the start and end of the current line, and the "J" and "K" keys will go to
the last and first line, respectively.

You can also use the "w" and "b" keys to move forwards and backwards one word at
a time.

Beyond that, you're going to want to use Amp's jump mode to navigate. This mode
works by prefixing words with a jump token. Type the two letters in the jump
token to move to the word.

Type "f" to give it a shot.

There's another version of jump mode that only uses single letter tokens. It's
handy for moving around on the current line. Press the single quote key to use
it.

Editing
=======

Like Vim, you can use "i" to enter insert mode and add content, and press "esc"
to switch back to normal mode. You can also use "d" to delete the current word,
or "c" to change it, instead.

Selecting Text
==============

Press the "v" key to enter select mode, and move the cursor to define a
selection. You can use "d" and "c" to delete and change the selection,
respectively.

You can press "V" instead to use an alternative select mode, where entire lines
are selected.

Opening Files
=============

Hit the space key to switch to open mode. Amp will start recursively indexing
the current directory, which you can search. It's recommended to use small,
space-separated tokens. Tokens must exist in the file's path to trigger a match,
and they can be in any order. Once you've found a match, hit "enter". If it's
further down the list, you can use the up/down keys, or hit "esc" and use the
"jk" keys, instead. You can leave open mode by hitting "esc" again.

If you'd like to create a new file, start by opening a new, empty buffer by 
pressing "B".

Managing Files
==============

You can switch between open files using the "tab" key. Press "s" to save the 
current buffer. If you're done with a buffer, you can close it by hitting "q". 
Amp will warn you if there are unsaved changes before closing the buffer.

Exiting
=======

When you're done with Amp, hit "Q" to quit. It's worth noting that Amp won't
warn you about modified buffers when quitting. That's intentional! You may find
it easier to close open buffers beforehand, and only quit from the splash
screen.
